Private Link steps (#509)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/security/secure-connections.adoc

Please see the link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/private-link/rbac-permissions#private-endpoint[Azure Documentation] for required roles and permissions.

== Private links

This private link section is cloud-agnostic and therefore applicable to all clouds. 
A private link provides secure network connectivity between your application and AuraDB without exposing traffic to the public internet.

The term “private link” refers to:

* Private Service Connect = Google Cloud platform
* PrivateLink = AWS
* Private Link = Azure

> The following steps explain the process of setting up a private link connection to securely connect your application to an AuraDB Virtual Dedicated Cloud environment. 

Reviewer: I find this construct slightly problematic since the steps below don't really describe the setting up of a private link, they describe what happens under the hood, so to speak.
Maybe we could say something like:
```suggestion
The following steps explain the process of establishing a private link connection to securely connect your application to an AuraDB Virtual Dedicated Cloud environment. 
```

[NOTE]
======

> The dbid: abcd1234 and orch-id: 0000 are used in this tutorial. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dbid: abcd1234 and orch-id: 0000 are used in this example. 
```

. The application's connection is directed to 10.10.10.10, which is the private link endpoint. 
From there, the private link endpoint forwards the network connection to the private ingress through the private link.
. The private ingress extracts the dbid from the FQDN and directs the connection to the appropriate Aura instance (dbid: abcd1234).
. The Aura instance responds by sending the Neo4j cluster routing table back to the application, which contains information about the nodes and their roles.
. Based on the type of transaction (read or write) the driver selects an appropriate node to execute a read or write transaction. The code has the ability to direct the transaction to the appropriate nodes this way.
. Similar to before, the Cloud Virtual Network private DNS is queried and resolves the FQDN to 10.10.10.10. The application's connection is sent to the private link endpoint (10.10.10.10), which forwards the network connection to the private ingress through the private link. 
The private ingress then directs the connection to the Aura instance with dbid: abcd1234.
. Finally, the write transaction is received and executed within the Aura instance with dbid: abcd1234.

> .Available nodes and their roles

Reviewer: Available instances? They are cluster members, aren't they? But we haven't yet surfaced much of clustering terminology so probably best to steer away from that.
